---
title: September Newsletter
date: 2023-10-02 13:30:00 -0400
categories: [News]
tags: [stuff]     # TAG names should always be lowercase

img_path: /assets/2023/

image:
  path: cat_img.jpg
  alt: cat
---

# ---
title: RVSTS 2023
date: 2023-10-01 12:48:00 -0400
categories: [Apple, Dog]
tags: [cool]     # TAG names should always be lowercase

img_path: /assets/2023/

image:
  path: cat_img.jpg
  alt: cat
---

# Happy September, Snails!

Welcome back to Team 1257! After our summer break, we are so excited to get
back into the swing of things so quickly. Here are some updates and important
information we wanted to share.

## Updates

We had our first interest meeting on Thursday, September 21st! Students were
packed into the Magnet Auditorium to learn about the club. Each of our Department
Directors and Managers gave an overview of their team, and we went over general
season information.

Our leadership team has also been prepping for our off-season event, RVSTS.
See below for more information on it.

## Upcoming Events

For the second time, Team 1257 will be attending and competing at RVSTS
(Raritan Valley Science & Technology Showcase), except this year we are *co-hosting* the
event! Head to *Bridgewater Commons Mall* on **Saturday, Sep 30th,** or **Sunday, October
1st** for a fun weekend of STEM learning, robotics experiences, and a full FRC FIRST
Robotics off-season competition! The event is completely free to the public, and there
is a wide range of activities throughout the mall. We hope to see you there! Find more
information on [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KGtVM7iFmKfV5h0uTVF8XkQ4eoToo3WzM5Zhgbo5b5s/edit).

## Team Announcements

We will be having a **Parent Information Meeting** in about two weeks. The date
and time will be confirmed soon. Please try to make it to this meeting even if you’re a
returning parent. We will be presenting a lot of important information about this season,
including some changes from last year.

## More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a
check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS
with “Robotics” in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. For more
information, see this link regarding [Sponsorship Benefit Tiers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nPp9li2x6V0kE9VLy1ntCecM3NLu6LfS/view?usp=sharing). We would also greatly
appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have
been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work!
