---
title: December 2023 Newsletter
date: 2023-12-18 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [Newsletters, December]
tags: [] # TAG names should always be lowercase

image:
  path: /assets/newsletter/Dec2023.svg
---

# Happy holidays, Snails!

As the off-season comes to a close, here are some updates and important information.

# Updates

Technical members are finishing up their advanced training courses. These were the focus of the second half of off-season, where members could take classes in CAD, CAM, or Driver Station. A more detailed account of what they accomplished is currently in the works. Members have also been working on various construction projects, including finishing up a new battery cart for the pit and repurposing old parts from last year’s robot. Programming is wrapping up teaching their new members how to code subsystems, and Strategy and Ops are preparing for kickoff!

# Kickoff

Kickoff is just around the corner! The official game video, along with all the details about this year’s competition, is released each year on the first Saturday of January. Team 1257’s kickoff will occur on **Saturday, January 6, 2024, from 10:30 am to 2:00 pm**. Members will arrive early before the official livestream starts at 12:00 pm. 

We are in need of food donations for this event! We provide lunch for the entire team each year, and that is all made possible by your donations. Please sign up using [this link](https://www.signupgenius.com/go/10C0B4CAFA92DAAFCC16-46889191-kickoff#/), and note that any donations must arrive before 10:30 am at Magnet’s front door. We appreciate your contribution to run this event smoothly!

If parents or alumni want to drop by, we would be glad to have you! Please let us know if you are planning on attending. 


# Competition Schedule Change

Team 1257 was recently asked to consider attending the Week 2 Seneca regional event because they were one team away from reaching the minimum to run an event. Our executive team made the decision that this switch would benefit us in the long run, but that means our competition dates have changed. Team 1257’s official competition schedule is now as follows: **March 9-10 at Seneca High School & March 16-17 at Montgomery High School**. Please update your calendars accordingly. 

# More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS with "Robotics" in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. For more information, see this link regarding [Sponsorship Benefit Tiers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nPp9li2x6V0kE9VLy1ntCecM3NLu6LfS/view?usp=sharing). We would also greatly appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work!
