---
title: November 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-11-18 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [Newsletters, November]
tags: [] # TAG names should always be lowercase

image:
  path: /assets/newsletter/Nov2024.png
---

# Happy November, Snails!

Our off-season is now in full swing. Here are some updates and important info.

# Updates

The Build department has progressed with their CAD and Makerspace tools training. They are exploring the different ways to accomplish a given task and reviewing the best methods. Electronics members are reviewing sensors and motor encoders. Programming members are continuing to learn about object-oriented programming. Returning programming members are experimenting with the test bot. Strategy has been learning game analysis and Google Sheets functions. Design team has been selected and has started manufacturing training, and documentation has begun business documentation. Our team had a great run at Harvest Fest, earning nearly $900! Thank you to everyone who brought supplies or helped volunteer.

# Joint Meeting with Metuchen

This past Thursday, members of Metuchen High School’s robotics team, Metuchen Momentum, visited us. We explored the “glows and grows” of the past season before splitting into sub-teams for more in-depth discussion. Our team had a fantastic time sharing our experiences and gaining new insights from Metuchen!

# Handbook Acknowledgement Form

Your children will be sent home on Monday (the 18th) with a signature page acknowledging they have read and understood the official team handbook. Please be sure both you and your child review this important document and that the signature page is returned promptly. The handbook (with the signature page attached) is linked here: [Team 1257 Handbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CfOdy9-gTcXdGaCC25AU_jQQ0O-VXqk3a7uYI4RHb4k/).

If your child does not receive the signature page, please print out **only** the signature page and return it signed.

# More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS with "Robotics" in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. For more information, see this link regarding [Sponsorship Benefit Tiers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DBRv-0IJa5by74azX9RF5liB7KblcGwd/view). We would also greatly appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work!

# Thank you for all your help and support! 
