---
title: Pre-DCMP 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-03-20 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [Newsletters, March]
tags: [] # TAG names should always be lowercase

image:
  path: /assets/newsletter/preDCMP2024.png
---

# Happy competition week, Snails!

With back-to-back competitions these past two weeks, we’ve been giving it our all to make our robot even better! Although we have made amazing progress, we still have lots of technical updates to make on our robot. Here are some important updates and information.

# Montgomery Competition

This past weekend, Team 1257 competed at the Montgomery District Event. Our drive team fought hard to score and proved to be a solid defense for our alliances, helping us place in the upper half of the qualification bracket. Programming also worked hard to create working one-note and two-note autos with the limited time they had with the robot. We had a tough time getting through alliance selection, but our team worked hard to prove ourselves to the alliance captains. All our pictures from this past weekend can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-rc6xwpRRH5g3e9E7fqYYjRl7RirvkJw?usp=sharing).

# DCMP

We are excited to announce that we are highly likely to qualify for District Championships at Lehigh University! Since this competition is in Pennsylvania, it will be **BUS ONLY**. If your child is interested in spectating, they must be accompanied by a parent <u>at all times</u> and **CANNOT** help our team in the pit. Please be mindful that there is limited space in the stands. The DCMP event packet is not out yet, but we will send out more information as we approach the competition date.

# Snack Donations

As we are busy working more late-nights to prepare for Lehigh, we would love to have more snack donations! Please feel free to let us know and drop them off at a meeting.

# More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS with "Robotics" in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. For more information, see this link regarding [Sponsorship Benefit Tiers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nPp9li2x6V0kE9VLy1ntCecM3NLu6LfS/view?usp=sharing). We would also greatly appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work!
