---
title: October 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-10-17 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [Newsletters, October]
tags: [] # TAG names should always be lowercase

image:
  path: /assets/newsletter/October2024.png
---

# Happy October, Snails!

We are getting into the swing of the off-season, so here are some updates and important information.

# Updates

Our first full member meeting was today! The Technical and Operations Divisions have started icebreakers and training for new members. The Build department is going over basic Makerspace tools and Electronics is going over general wiring components. Programming is going over Java basics, and Strategy has been going over the basics of FRC matches. The Operations Division has been building a brand template.

# RoboCon

On the weekend of September 28th and September 29th, Team 1257 co-hosted RoboCon at Bridgewater Commons Mall. Check out [some pictures and videos](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1sMhoid9D4VWbGfEn38JsHMwWkPM6rZVw) from this amazing event.

# Team Announcements

Our 2024 season regional events have been officially confirmed. We will be attending the **Seneca Week 2 Event (March 8th & 9th)** and a **Week 4 Event (March 22nd & 23rd)**. Please mark your calendars for these two events because we would love to have as many people there as possible.

We have also been preparing for Harvestfest, which will be on **Saturday, October 26th** on campus. Come stop by between **11 a.m. and 2 p.m.** to support our team. We will be selling tacos, T-shirts, hoodies, and various 1257 collectibles!

# Parent Information

If you were unable to attend our parent meeting, find the presentation linked [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18Rm4ZCLhQ6lTmoCwCwkCcvieZLoXNOyz3BnriFpQQWI/edit). Two key documents coming from that night are the [Corporate Sponsor Letter](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XLfDLBIk-UvAmIf1eORAh6sPQSLyiWUr-JZqYJbRL6g/edit) and the [Steps to Becoming a Mentor](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13iBJYZnf2_5ZZblYLGPqK_H7gYcDdp6W/view). Our team can benefit from any skills you may have, whether it be in an engineering field, business and sales, or anything else. **If you are interested in becoming a mentor, please email Mrs. Cook directly!**

We are also always grateful for any donations that you can provide. We are planning on having bake sales each Monday after school. Additionally, our [Amazon wishlist](https://www.amazon.com/hz/wishlist/ls/10BWUEU7XC1E1?ref_=wl_share) includes miscellaneous items that would be helpful to have around. You can find all this information and more on our [Official Website](https://frc1257.org/).

# More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS with "Robotics" in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. For more information, see this link regarding [Sponsorship Benefit Tiers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DBRv-0IJa5by74azX9RF5liB7KblcGwd/view). We would also greatly appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work!
