---
title: Montgomery 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-03-11 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [Newsletters, March]
tags: [] # TAG names should always be lowercase

image:
  path: /assets/newsletter/Montgomery2024.png
---

# Happy competition week, Snails!

We are in crunch time, with one week between our two District Event Competitions. We have a lot of technical updates to make to the robot, so we are still hard at work! Here are some important updates and information.

# Seneca Competition

This past weekend, Team 1257 competed at the Seneca District Event. After a rough Saturday riddled with programming issues, the team persevered on Sunday, getting picked by Alliance 1 and contributing to the **winning alliance**!!!! This is our first event win since 2016.

More importantly, our team also won the **Engineering Inspiration Award**! Big shoutout to our documentation team Gali and Reva for all their hard work and presenting to the judges.

All our pictures from this past weekend can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-fGndwWsmJ1VmXaUwc6aRtNw3ANVYuKR).

# Montgomery Competition

Our second competition of the season is this weekend (**Sat 3/16** - **Sun 3/17**) at Montgomery High School. All information about this event can be found on our [Competition Master Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g1sPvocCYq_r8TAUgVE3QdxtJwwtRDkEHPbPAsd86xM/edit). This includes **links to schedules, checklists, match livestreams, and more**. We highly suggest that you thoroughly review this document to ensure that you are fully prepared! If you have any additional questions or concerns, please feel free to email us.

The kids did a good job behaving in the pits, in the stands, and in front of the judges at Seneca, but please remind them to keep up the great behavior for this weekend as well.

For parents driving students to competition, please note that doors do not open until 8:00 AM, so you **DO NOT** have to arrive before then. Competition typically ends around 6:00-7:00 PM, so **please arrive for pickup by 6:30 PM** at the latest.

One important note: for any visiting family or friends, due to new regulations, **all visitors above the age of 16 will be ID’d and background checked on site**. Please keep this in mind if you plan to come support the team this weekend.

# More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS with "Robotics" in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. For more information, see this link regarding [Sponsorship Benefit Tiers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nPp9li2x6V0kE9VLy1ntCecM3NLu6LfS/view?usp=sharing). We would also greatly appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work!
