---
title: September 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-09-23 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [Newsletters, September]
tags: [] # TAG names should always be lowercase

image:
  path: /assets/newsletter/preDCMP2024.png
---

# Happy September, Snails!

Welcome back to Team 1257! After our summer break, we are so excited to get back into the swing of things so quickly. Here are some updates and important information we wanted to share. 

# Upcoming Events

For the second time, Team 1257 will be attending and competing at Robocon NJ, and we are <u>co-hosting/<u> the event for the second year in a row! Head to Bridgewater Commons Mall on **Saturday, Sep 28th**, or **Sunday, September 29th** for a fun weekend of STEM learning, robotics experiences, and a full FRC FIRST Robotics off-season competition! The event is completely free to the public, and there is a wide range of activities throughout the mall. We hope to see you there! Find more information on [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ccoy6BFks8KTPWb17F08GX4jAzQFI2TN1ez33luMJq4/edit). 

# Team Announcements

We will be having a **Parent Information Meeting** on 10/7/24. Please try to make it to this meeting even if you’re a returning parent. We will be presenting a lot of important information about this season, including some changes from last year. 

# More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS with “Robotics” in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. We would also greatly appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work! 
