---
title: December 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-12-20 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [Newsletters, December]
tags: [] # TAG names should always be lowercase

image:
  path: /assets/newsletter/Dec24.png
---

# Happy holidays, Snails!

As the off-season comes to a close and the festive season around the corner, here are some updates and important information.

# Updates

Technical members finished up their training courses and completed their technical assessments. Returning build members designed a new robot cart, while returning electronics and programming members helped get our testbot up and running. For the past two weeks, we also ran drive team tryouts, during which all members who signed up had the chance to participate in one of the funnest aspects of robotics! And of course, our hard-working Ops and Strategy departments are busy preparing for an exciting kickoff!

# PRE-COMPETITION SEASON REMINDERS

To remain in good standing with Team 1257, members are required to fundraise **$250 by January 4, 2025** and turn in the Handbook Signature Page. We highly encourage you to reference our sponsorship materials, including the [one-sheet flyer](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17VcRZEjZGpujr7g90xXVzezqJ1yppoZw/view?usp=sharing), [brochure](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r7rse6o-xXSb9cdbpSf-2maNjqyqaHiK/view?usp=sharing), and [corporate email](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TsAGwOtRD76z_-uQH_UcoNDbNiP2s_7P/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=117484221340951774614&rtpof=true&sd=true). Prospective competition team members must also submit 10 hours of community service to the form on Google Classroom. Leniency may be granted for checks or service hours submitted after January 4th **ONLY IF** prior notice is sent to Mrs. Cook.

# Kickoff

Kickoff is just around the corner! The official game video, along with all the details about this year’s competition, is released each year on the first Saturday of January. Team 1257’s kickoff will occur on **Saturday, January 4, 2025, from 10:30 am to 2:00 pm**. Members will arrive early before the official livestream starts at 12:00 pm.

We are in need of food donations for this event! We provide lunch for the entire team each year, and that is all made possible by your donations. Please sign up using [this link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C3mwrX9yAEY5lRkUXWhUJtZ9z5uxJD-wi_HDEZ9ENBc/edit?usp=sharing), and note that any donations must arrive before 10:30 am at Magnet’s front door. We appreciate your contribution to run this event smoothly!

If parents or alumni want to drop by, we would be glad to have you! Please let us know if you are planning on attending.

# More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS with "Robotics" in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. For more information, see this link regarding [Sponsorship Benefit Tiers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DBRv-0IJa5by74azX9RF5liB7KblcGwd/view). We would also greatly appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work!

# Thank you for all your help and support!
