---
title: Seneca 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-03-04 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [Newsletters, March]
tags: [] # TAG names should always be lowercase

image:
  path: /assets/newsletter/Seneca2024.png
---

# Happy competition week, Snails!

We are officially less than a week away from our first competition! The robot is officially driving and scoring. Here are some important updates and information.

# Updates

Recently, the Build Department has put the finishing touches on the shooter and the Electronics Department has finished fully wiring the robot. Programming has started to test all the robot operations so that our Drive Team can get as much practice as possible. The Strategy Department has started scouting teams from the first week of official competition, and the Operations Division has been working on promo. Our leadership team has also been working on our Impact Award video. Go see it on our new [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXWgXXNSbbENk5R95XOfyxg) (and make sure to subscribe)!

# Seneca Competition

Team 1257’s first competition of the season is this weekend (**Sat 3/9** - **Sun 3/10**) at Seneca High School. All information about this event can be found on our [Competition Master Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g1sPvocCYq_r8TAUgVE3QdxtJwwtRDkEHPbPAsd86xM/edit). This includes **links to schedules, checklists, match livestreams, and more**. We highly suggest that you thoroughly review this document to ensure that you are fully prepared! If you have any additional questions or concerns, please feel free to email us.

For parents driving students to competition, please note that doors do not open until 8:00 AM, so you **DO NOT** have to arrive before then. Competition typically ends around 6:00-7:00 PM, so **please arrive for pickup by 6:30 PM** at the latest.

# More Ways to Help

If you are interested in making a financial donation, you can submit cash or a check by giving it to your student for submission. Checks should be made out to UCVTS with "Robotics" in the memo line.

We would be extremely grateful for any donations possible. For more information, see this link regarding [Sponsorship Benefit Tiers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nPp9li2x6V0kE9VLy1ntCecM3NLu6LfS/view?usp=sharing). We would also greatly appreciate it if everyone could spread the word about our team! Our members have been working hard and we would love for them to see support for all their hard work!
